feat!: Introduce serviceAccount for job workloads (#223)
keptn-contrib/job-executor-service: FEATURES.md

Note: the job executor service does not perform any validation on the image pull policy value. We delegate any validation
to kubernetes api server.

### Job service account

> By default, a service account without any permissions is used for job workloads, and therefore no access to the Kubernetes 
> API is possible within jobs. Although it is possible to set the default service account used by job workloads during the 
> installation using the `jobConfig.serviceAccount.name` helm value, it is recommended to define a custom service account 
> for job workloads that require these permissions.

Reviewer: I tried to clarify a little, please check:
```suggestion
Job workloads use a service account separate from the one used by Job Executor Service pod.
The default service account used for workloads has no permissions and does not automount the service account token,  therefore it has no access to the Kubernetes API. 
During Job Executor Service installation it is possible to specify a different service account used by default for job workloads changing the `jobConfig.serviceAccount.name` helm value.
It is recommended however to keep the default serviceAccount setting without any permission and specify an existing service account directly in the job config only for tasks that require more access.
```
